docs: Release Notes - Lighthouse reports (#1235)
vtex/faststore: docs/blog/2022-04-22-webops.md

---
description: With these new updates, you won’t have to put in any extra effort to generate Lighthouse reports. WebOps will do it automatically for you, providing reports for every deploy's Home Page, PDP and PLP.
tags: [webops]
---

# Automated Lighthouse reports for deploy previews

WebOps now generates Lighthouse reports for each deploy preview automatically. This way, you can easily track how each deploy impacts the performance, SEO, and accessibility of your website's Home Page, PDPs and PLPs.

![](/img/releases/lighthouse-reports.png)

## What has changed?

The Lighthouse CI/CD now generates Lighthouse Reports via [Google Lighthouse Viewer](https://googlechrome.github.io/lighthouse/viewer/) for each deploy preview and uploads them to AWS S3. WebOps, then, comments on new PRs with links to the reports. 

> Lighthouse reports are also available at the beginning of the WebOps pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Links to these reports are also shared in the logs of the WebOps pipeline for Lighthouse.
```

![](/img/releases/lighthouse-reports-pipeline.png)

## Why did we make these changes?

> We made these changes to make it simpler for you to track how each deploy affects your website's performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These changes aim to make it simpler for you to track how each deploy affects your website's performance.
```

## What needs to be done?

> These changes are already available for everyone. From now on, WebOps will automatically add a comment to new PRs with links to Lighthouse reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nothing. This improvement is already available for all WebOps users. Enjoy!
```
